Mark deprecated all mentions of authmanager and webconfig (#199)
cossacklabs/product-docs: acra/security-controls/key-management/_index.md

  - keys for [searchable encryption](/acra/security-controls/searchable-encryption/) (if used);
  - keys for [tamper-proof audit logging](/acra/security-controls/security-logging-and-events/audit-logging) (if used);
  - poison record keys for [intrusion detection](/acra/security-controls/intrusion-detection/#poison-records) (if used);

>   - authentication storage key for encryption/decryption credentials of [AcraWebConfig](/acra/configuring-maintaining/general-configuration/acra-webconfig) (deprecated after 0.90.0) users (if used).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - authentication storage key for encryption/decryption credentials of [AcraWebConfig](/acra/configuring-maintaining/general-configuration/acra-webconfig) (deprecated since 0.91.0) users (if used).
```
